metadata filtering support (#21870)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/autorag/ai-search-api-params.mdx

- `score_threshold` <Type text="number" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />
  - The minimum match score required for a result to be considered a match. Defaults to `0`. Must be between `0` and `1`.

`stream` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

Returns a stream of results as they are available. Defaults to `false`.

`filters` <Type text="object" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

> Narrow down search results based on metadata, like folder and date, so only relevant content is retrieved. For more details, see [Metadata filtering](/autorag/configuration/metadata-filtering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Narrow down search results based on metadata, like folder and date, so only relevant content is retrieved. For more details, refer to [Metadata filtering](/autorag/configuration/metadata-filtering).
```
